Notes. Main transducer feels
sluggish at plus 40 altitude.
Hull pressurization is problematic.
I'm thinking icing is the probable factor.
A very astute observation, sir.
Perhaps, if you intend
to visit other planets…
we should improve the exosystems.
Connect to the sys. Co.
Have it reconfigure the shell metals.
Use the gold titanium alloy from
the seraphim tactical satellite.
That should ensure a fuselage integrity…
while maintaining power-to-weight ratio.
- Got it?
- Yes.
Shall I render using
proposed specifications?
Thrill me.
Tonight's red-hot red carpet…
is right here at the Disney Concert Hall…
where Tony Stark's third annual benefit…
for the Firefighter's Family Fund…
has become the place to be…
- …for L.A.'s high society.
- Jarvis, we get an invite for that?
I have no record of an invitation, sir.
…hasn't been seen in public…
since his bizarre and highly
controversial press conference.
Some claim he's suffering
from posttraumatic stress…
and has been bedridden for weeks.
Whatever the case may be…
no one expects an appearance
from him tonight.
The render is complete.
A little ostentatious, don't you think?
What was I thinking?
You're usually so discreet.
Tell you what.
Throw a little hot-rod red in there.
Yes, that should help
you keep a low profile.
The render is complete.
Hey, I like it. Fabricate it.
Paint it.
Commencing automated assembly.
Estimated completiontime
is five hours.
Don't wait up for me, honey.
Weapons manufacturing is only one
small part of what Stark Industries…
is all about, and our partnership.
With the fire and rescue community…
Hey, Tony, remember me?
Sure don't.
You look great, Hef.
We're going to have a great quarter.
What's the world coming to when
a guy's got to crash his own party?
Look at you.
Hey, what a surprise.
I'll see you inside.
Hey.
Listen, take it slow, alright?
I think I got the board
right where we want them.
You got it. Just cabin fever.
I'll just be a minute.
That's no satellite crash!
They would have hauled
the wreckage away…
they wouldn't have built
a city around it.
- You're going to need this.
- What?
Wait, why?
Now stay here.
Once I have Mjolnir…
I will return the items
they've stolen from you.
Deal?
No.
Look what's down there.
You think you're just gonna walk in,
grab our stuff and walk out?
No. I'm going to fly out.
Sir, feed from the keyhole
can barely penetrate the cloud cover.
Tech's barely working as it is…
with all the interference
that thing's giving off.
And we've got a commercial aircraft
coming right over us.
Southwest Airlines, flight 5434.
Reroute it like all the others.
Hold a sec.
We've got something
outside the fence…
west side.
Delancey, Jackson.
West side perimeter.
Go check it out.
There it is.
Delancey, Jackson. Report.
Agent down.
We've got a perimeter breach.
Think you got enough?
Any hope of reproducing the program
is locked in your genetic code.
But without Dr. Erskine,
it would take years.
He deserved more than this.
If it could work only once,
he'd be proud it was you.
Colonel Phillips,
my committee is demanding answers.
Great.
Why don't we start with
how a German spy got a ride…
to my secret installation in your car?
What have we got here?
Speaking modestly, I am the best
mechanical engineer in this country.
But I don't know what's
inside this thing…
or how it works.
We're not even close to this technology.
Then who is?
Hydra.
I am sure you have been
reading our briefings.
I am on a number
of committees, Colonel.
Hydra is the Nazi deep science division.
It's led by Johann Schmidt.
But he has much bigger ambitions.
Hydra is practically a cult.
They worship Schmidt.
They think he's invincible.
So, what are you going to do about it?
I spoke to the President this morning.
As of today, the SSR is being retasked.
Colonel?
We are taking the fight to Hydra.
Pack your bags, agent Carter.
You too Stark.
We're flying to London tonight.
Sir?
If you're going after Schmidt, I want in.
You're an experiment.
You're going to Alamogordo.
The serum worked.
I asked for an army and all I got was you.
You…
are not enough.
With all due respect to the Colonel…
I think we may be missing the point.
I have seen you in action, Steve.
More importantly…
the country's seen it.
Paper.
The enlistment lines have been around the
block since your picture hit the newsstands.
You don't take a soldier…
a symbol like that and…
hide him in a lab.
Son…
do you want to serve your country…
on the most important battlefield of the war?
Sir…
that's all I want.
Then, congratulations.
You just got promoted.
Give me a Scotch.
I'm starving.
Mr. Stark?
- Yeah?
- Agent Coulson.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The guy from the…
Strategic Homeland Intervention,
Enforcement and Logistics Division.
God, you need a new name for that.
Yeah, I hear that a lot.
Listen, I know this must be
a trying time for you but…
we need to debrief you.
There's still a lot of
unanswered questions…
and time can be a factor
with these things.
Let's just put something on the books.
How about the 24th at 7:00 P.M.
at Stark Industries?
Tell you what.
You got it. You're absolutely right.
Well…
I'm going to go to my assistant,
and we'll make a date.
You look fantastic!
I didn't recognize you.
- What are you doing here?
- Just avoiding government agents.
- Are you by yourself?
- Yes. Where'd you get that dress?
- Oh, it was a birthday present.
- That's great.
- From you, actually.
- Well, I got great taste.
Yes.
- You want to dance?
- Oh, no.
- Alright, come on.
- Thank you. No.
Am I making you uncomfortable?
No. No.
I always forget to wear deodorant
and dance with my boss…
in front of everyone that I work
with in a dress with no back.
You look great and you smell great.
Oh, God.
But I could fire you if that
would take the edge off.
I actually don't think that you
could tie your shoes without me.
- I'd make it a week. Sure.
- Really?
What's your Social Security number?
- Five.
- Five?
- Right.
You're missing just a couple of digits there.
- The other eight?
- Yes.
So I got you for the other eight.
- How about a little air?
- Yes, I need some air.
- That was totally weird.
- Totally harmless.
It was totally not harmless, by the way.
- We're dancing. No one's even watching.
- Everybody…
who I work with…
No, you know why?
I think you lost objectivity.
I think they just…
- People… We just danced.
- I don't know…
No, it was not just a dance.
You don't understand
because you're you.
And everybody knows
exactly who you are…
and how you are with girls and all
of that, which is completely fine.
But, you know then me,
you're my boss and I'm…
- …dancing with you because…
- Please I don't think, I…
- …it makes me look like…
- …really don't think it was taken that way.
the one who's trying to…
- …you know, and we're here…
- I just think you're overstating it.
and then I'm…
wearing this ridiculous…
dress and then we were
dancing like that and…
- I would like a drink, please.
- Got it, ok.
I would like a vodka Martini, please.
Ok.
Very dry with olives, a lot of olives.
Like, at least three olives.
Two vodka Martinis, extra dry,
extra olives, extra fast.
Make one of them dirty, will you?
Tony Stark.
- Oh, hey.
- Fancy seeing you here.
- Carrie.
- Christine.
That's right.
You have a lot of nerve
showing up here tonight.
Can I at least get a reaction from you?
Panic.
I would say panic is my reaction.
Because I was referring
to your company's…
involvement in this latest atrocity.
Yeah. They just put my
name on the invitation.
I don't know what to tell you.
I actually almost bought it,
hook, line and sinker.
I was out of town for a couple months…
- …in case you didn't hear.
- Is this what you call accountability?
It's a town called Gulmira.
Heard of it?
When were these taken?
Yesterday.
- I didn't approve any shipment.
- Well, your company did.
Well, I'm not my company.
Please, do you mind?
Have you seen these pictures?
- What's going on in Gulmira?
- Tony, Tony.
You can't afford to be this naive.
You know what?
I was naive before…
when they said, here's the line.
We don't cross it.
This is how we do business.
If we're double-dealing under the table.
Are we?
Tony, your picture, please!
Let's take a picture. Come on.
Picture time!
Tony Stark! Sir!
Who do you think locked you out?
I was the one who filed
the injunction against you.
It was the only way I could protect you.
No. No.
I don't know if I can do this.
Nothing to it. You sell a few bonds.
Bonds buy bullets. Bullets kill Nazis.
Bing, bang, boom.
You're an American hero.
It's just not how I pictured getting there.
The Senator has got
a lot of pull up on the Hill.
You play ball with us…
you will be leading
your own platoon in no time.
Take the shield.
Go.
♪ Who's strong and brave ♪
♪ Here to save the American way? ♪
Not all of us can storm a beach
or drive a tank.
But there is still a way all of us can fight.
♪ Who vows to fight like a man ♪
♪ For what's right, night and day? ♪
Series E Defense Bonds.
Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guy's gun.
♪ Who will campaign door to door for America? ♪
♪ Carry the flag shore to shore for America? ♪
♪ From Hoboken to Spokane. ♪
♪ The star-spangled man with a plan. ♪
Cut.
Guys, don't look at the camera.
♪ We can't ignore there is a threat ♪
♪ and a war we must win. ♪
Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guy's gun.
♪ Who will hang a noose on the ♪
♪ goose-stepping goons from Berlin? ♪
♪ Who will redeem Heed the call for America? ♪
♪ Who will rise or fall give his all for America? ♪
♪ Who's here to prove that we can? ♪
♪ The star-spangled man with a plan. ♪
We all know this is about trying
to win the war.
We can't do that without bullets
and bandages, tanks and tents.
That's where you come in.
Every bond you buy…
will help protect someone you love.
Turn around.
- He's right behind you!
- Keep our boys armed and ready…
and the Germans will think twice
about trying to get the drop on us.
♪ Stalwart and steady and true. ♪
♪ Forceful and ready to defend, ♪
♪ The red, white, and blue. ♪
♪ Who will give the Axis the sack ♪
♪ and is smart as a fox? ♪
♪ Far as an eagle will soar. ♪
♪ Who's making Adolf ♪
♪ afraid to step out of his box? ♪
♪ He knows what we're fighting for ♪
♪ Who waked the giant that napped in America? ♪
♪ We know it's no one but Captain America. ♪
♪ Who will finish what they began? ♪
Hi.
♪ Who will kick the Krauts to Japan? ♪
♪ The star-spangled man… ♪
♪ with… a… ♪
♪ plan! ♪
How many of you are ready
to help me sock old Adolf on the jaw?
Ok.
I need a volunteer.
I already volunteered.
How do you think I got here?
Bring back the girls.
I think they only know
the one song, but…
Wait, I will see what I can do.
You do that, sweetheart.
Nice boots, Tinker Bell.
Come on guys…
we're all on the same team here.
Hey, Captain.
Sign this.
Bring back the girls.
Don't worry, pal.
They will warm up to you.
Don't worry.
The 15-mile hike to the outskirts
of Gulmira can only be described…
as a descent into hell…
into a modern day Heart of Darkness.
Simple farmers and herders
from peaceful villages…
have been driven from their homes…
displaced from their lands
by warlords…
emboldened by a new found power.
Villagers have been forced
to take shelter…
in whatever crude dwellings
they can find…
in the ruins of other villages…
or here in the remnants of an
old Soviet smelting plant.
Recent violence has been attributed
to a group of foreign fighters…
referred to by locals
as the Ten Rings.
As you can see, these men are
heavily armed and on a mission.
A mission that could prove fatal
to anyone who stands in their way.
With no political will or
international pressure…
there is very little hope
for these refugees.
Around me, a woman begging
for news on her husband…
who was kidnapped by insurgents…
either forced to join their militia…
Desperate refugees clutch
yellowed photographs…
holding them up
to anyone who will stop.
A child's simple question…
Where are my mother and father?
There's very little hope
for these refugees…
refugees who can only wonder,
who if anyone, will help.
You've reached Dr Erik Selvig.
Please leave me a message.
Hi, Erik, it's me.
Don't worry, I'm fine but…
just in case you don't hear
from me in the next hour just…
come by the crater site
and try and find me, ok?
I did exactly what you told me not to.
I'm sorry.
So sorry. Bye.
Bravo quadrant, move!
Entering south tunnel!
Negative, negative.
I have no comms.
Target sighted, east tunnel!
I need eyes up high, with a gun.
Moving north!
What have we got?
There's a massive electromagnetic
surge coming off that thing.
Systems are barely coping.
Barton?
Talk to me.
You want me to slow him down, sir?
Or are you sending in more guys
for him to beat up?
I'll let you know.
You're big.
Fought bigger.
Better call it, Coulson…
because I'm starting
to root for this guy.
Papa! Papa!
Papa!
He's all yours.
- What the hell was that?
- Were we cleared to go in there?
No, they were using human shields.
We never got the green light.
Put me through to State.
They're going to be all over this.
Get those monitors up!
We got a bogey!
Wasn't Air Force!
We got the CIA on the line?
I've got Langley on the line.
They want to know if it's us.
No, it definitely is not us, sir!
- It wasn't Navy.
- Wasn't Marines.
I need answers!
Can I please get eyes on target?
Negative, negative.
Cannot identify.
Get me Colonel Rhodes from Weapons
Development down here now!
We ran an ID check
and cross-referenced…
with all known databases.
We have nothing.
Any high altitude
surveillance in the region?
We got an AWAC
and a Global Hawk in the area.
So this thing just
appeared out of nowhere?
How come it didn't
show up on the radar?
Got a minimal radar cross-section, sir.
- Is it stealth?
- No, sir, it's tiny.
We think it's an unmanned aerial vehicle.
Colonel, what are we dealing with here?
- Let me make a call.
- Sergeant, clear a hole.
Hello?
Tony?
Who's this?
It's Rhodes.
- Sorry, hello?
- I said it's Rhodes.
- Speak up, please.
- What in the hell is that noise?
Oh, yeah, I'm driving with the top down.
Yeah well, I need your help right now.
It's funny how that works, huh?
Yeah. Speaking of funny,
we've got a weapons depot…
that was just blown up a few clicks from
where you were being held captive.
Well, that's say, that's a hot spot.
Sounds like someone stepped in
and did your job for you?
- Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?
- I'm not.
I was just jogging in the canyon.
- I thought you were driving.
- Right, I was driving…
to the canyon,
where I'm going to jog.
You sure you don't have any tech
in that area I should know about?
Nope! Bogey spotted!
Whiplash, come in hot.
Ok good, because I'm staring
at one right now…
and it's about to be blown
to kingdom come.
That's my exit.
Ballroom, this is Whiplash One.
I've got the bogey in my sights.
Whiplash One, what is it?
I've got no idea.
You have radio contact?
Non responsive, sir.
Then you are clear to engage.
Hit it.
That bogey just went supersonic.
I got a lock!
Inbound missile.
Flares!
Wait a second.
Bogey deployed flares!
Deploy flaps!
Holy!
That thing just jumped off the radar, sir.
The sat visual has been lost.
No way that's a UAV.
What is it?
I can't see anything.
Whatever it was,
it just bought the farm.
I think bogey's been handled, sir.
- Hello?
- Hi, Rhodey, it's me.
- It's who?
- I'm sorry, it is me.
You asked. What you were
asking about is me.
No, see, this isn't a game.
You do not send civilian equipment
into my active war zone.
- You understand that?
- This is not a piece of equipment.
I'm in it. It's a suit. It's me!
Rhodey, you got anything for me?
Mark your position and return to base.
Roger that, Ballroom.
On your belly!
It looks like a…
man!
Shake him off!
Roll! Roll!
I'm hit! I'm hit!
- It's confirmed.
- He has been hit.
Punch out!
Whiplash One down.
Whiplash Two, do you see a chute?
Negative!
No chute, no chute!
My chute's jammed!
Sir, I've got a visual on the bogey.
Whiplash Two, reengage.
If you get a clear shot, you take it.
Major, we don't even know
what we're shooting at.
- Call off the Raptors.
- That thing just took out an F-22…
inside a legal no fly zone!
Whiplash Two, if you have
a clear shot, take it!
You've been reengaged.
Execute evasive maneuver.
Keep going!
Good chute!
Tony, you still there?
Hey, thanks.
Oh, my God, you crazy son of a bitch.
You owe me a plane.
You know that, right?
Yeah, well technically he hit me, so…
Now are you going to come by
and see what I'm working on?
No, no, no, no, no, no,
the less I know, the better.
Now what am I supposed
to tell the press?
Training exercise.
Isn't that the usual BS?
It's not that simple.
An unfortunate training exercise…
involving an F-22 Raptor
occurred yesterday.
I am pleased to report that
the pilot was not injured.
As for the unexpected turn of
events on the ground in Gulmira…
it is still unclear who
or what intervened…
but I can assure you that the United
States government was not involved.
Last chance, sir.
Wait. I want to see this.
Hey!
It is a tight fit, sir.
Sir, the more you struggle,
the more this is going to hurt.
Be gentle.
This is my first time.
I designed this to come off, so…
Hey.
I really should be able to…
Please, try not to move, sir.
What's going on here?
Let's face it. This is not the worst
thing you've caught me doing.
Are those bullet holes?
Welcome.
Compliments of Tony Stark.
If you'd killed him when you were
supposed to, you'd still have a face.
You paid us trinkets to kill a prince.
Show me the weapon.
Come.
Leave your guards outside.
His escape bore unexpected fruit.
So this is how he did it.
This is only a first, crude effort.
Stark has perfected his design.
He has made a masterpiece of death.
A man with a dozen of these
can rule all of Asia.
And you dream of Stark's throne.
We have a common enemy.
If we are still in business…
I will give you these designs…
as a gift.
And in turn…
I hope you'll repay me…
with a gift of iron soldiers.
Technology.
It's always been your Achilles'
heel in this part of the world.
Don't worry.
It'll only last for 15 minutes.
That's the least of your problems.
Crate up the armor and the rest of it.
Alright, let's finish up here.
Set up Sector 16 underneath
the arc reactor…
and I'm going to want this data masked.
Recruit our top engineers.
I want a prototype right away.
Hello, Steve.
Hi.
- Hi.
- What are you doing here?
Officially, I am not here at all.
That was quite a performance.
Yeah.
I had to improvise a little bit.
The crowds I am used
to are usually more…
twelve.
I understand you're
America's New Hope.
Bond sales take a 10% bump
in every state I visit.
Is that Senator Brandt I hear?
At least he's got me doing this.
Phillips would have had me stuck in a lab.
And these are your
only two options?
A lab rat or a dancing monkey?
You were meant for more
than this, you know.
What?
You know, for the longest time,
I dreamed about…
coming overseas and
being on the front lines…
serving my country.
I finally got everything I wanted…
and I am wearing tights.
They look like they have been
through hell.
These men more than most.
Schmidt sent out a force to Azzano.
Two hundred men went up
against him…
and less than 50 returned.
Your audience contained
what was left of the 107th.
The rest were killed or captured.
The 107th?
What?
Come on.
Colonel Phillips.
Well, if it isn't the Star Spangled
Man With A Plan.
What's your plan today?
I need the casualty list from Azzano.
You don't get to give me orders, son.
I just need one name,
Sergeant James Barnes from the 107th.
You and I are going to have a
conversation later that you won't enjoy.
Please tell me if he's alive, sir. B-A-R…
I can spell.
I have signed more of these condolence
letters today than I would care to count.
But…
the name does sound familiar.
I am sorry.
What about the others?
Are you planning a rescue mission?
Yes, it's called winning the war.
But if you know where they are,
why not at least…
They're 30 miles behind the lines…
through some of the most
heavily fortified territory in Europe.
We'd lose more men than we'd save.
But I don't expect you to understand
that because you're a chorus girl.
I think I understand just fine.
Well, then understand it somewhere else.
If I read the posters correctly,
you got someplace to be in 30 minutes.
Yes, sir.
I do.
If you have something to say, right now
is the perfect time to keep it to yourself.
Hey. You busy?
You mind if I send you on an errand?
I need you to go to my office.
You're going to hack into the mainframe
and you're going to retrieve…
all the recent shipping manifests.
This is a lock chip.
This'll get you in.
It's probably under Executive Files.
If not…
they put it on a ghost drive…
in which case you need to look
for the lowest numeric heading.
And what do you plan to do with this
information if I bring it back here?
Same drill.
They've been dealing under the table,
and I'm going to stop them.
I'm going to find my weapons…
and destroy them.
Tony…
you know that I would
help you with anything…
but…
I cannot help you if you're going
to start all of this again.
There is nothing except this.
There's no art opening.
There is no benefit.
There is nothing…
to sign.
There is the next mission…
and nothing else.
Is that so?
Well, then I quit.
You stood by my side all these years…
while I reaped the benefits of destruction.
And now that I'm trying
to protect the people…
that I put in harm's way,
you're going to walk out?
You're going to kill yourself, Tony.
I'm not going to be a part of it.
I shouldn't be alive…
unless it was for a reason.
I'm not crazy, Pepper.
I just finally know…
what I have to do.
And I know in my heart…
that it's right.
You're all I have, too, you know.
What do you plan to do, walk to Austria?
If that's what it takes.
You heard the Colonel.
Your friend is most likely dead.
You don't know that.
Even so, he's devising a strategy.
If he detects--
By the time he's done that,
it could be too late.
Steve.
You told me you thought I was
meant for more than this.
Did you mean that?
Every word.
Then you got to let me go.
I can do more than that.
On stage, girls.
Five minutes.
Where's my helmet?
Anyone seen Rogers?
The Hydra camp is in Krausberg…
tucked between these
two mountain ranges.
It's a factory of some kind.
We should be able to drop
you right on the doorstep.
Just get me as close as you can.
You two are going to be
in a lot of trouble when you land.
And you won't?
Where I am going, if anybody yells
at me, I can just shoot them.
They will undoubtedly shoot back.
Well, let's hope it's good for something.
Agent Carter?
If we're not in too much of a hurry…
I thought we could stop off
in Lucerne for a late-night fondue.
Stark is the best civilian pilot
I have ever seen.
He's mad enough to brave this airspace.
We're lucky to have him.
So, are you two...
Do you…
fondue?
This is your transponder.
Activate it when you're ready…
and the signal will lead us
straight to you.
Are you sure this thing works?
It's been tested more than you, pal.
Get back here.
We're taking you all the way in.
As soon as I am clear, you turn this thing
around and get the hell out of here.
You can't give me orders.
The hell I can't.
I am a Captain.
Sector 16?
What are you up to, Obadiah?
You did not tell us that the target you
paid us to kill was the great Tony Stark.
- As you can see, Obadiah Stane…
- Oh, my God.
Your deception and lies
will cost you dearly.
The price to kill Tony
Stark has just gone up.
So…
what are we going to do about this?
I know…
what you're going through, Pepper.
Tony.
He always gets the good stuff,
doesn't he?
I was so happy…
when he came home.
It was like we got him
back from the dead.
Now I realize…
well…
Tony never really did come home, did he?
He left a part of himself in that cave.
Breaks my heart.
Well…
he's a complicated person.
He's been through a lot.
I think he'll be alright.
You are a very rare woman.
Tony doesn't know how lucky he is.
Thank you. Thanks.
I'd better get back there.
Is that today's paper?
Yes.
Do you mind?
Not at all.
Puzzle.
Of course.
Take care.
Ms. Potts?
We had an appointment.
Did you forget about our appointment?
Nope, right now. Come with me.
- Right now?
- We're going to have it right now.
Yep, walk with me.
Ok.
I'm going to give you
the meeting of your life.
Your office.
Yeah, we've been working
our best to do it.
Absolutely, we're…
I'm going to have to call you back.
Mr. Stane?
Sir…
we've explored what
you've asked us…
and it seems as though
there is a little hiccup.
- Actually...
- A hiccup?
Yes, to power the suit…
sir, the technology actually doesn't exist.
- So it's... it's...
- Wait, wait, wait.
The technology?
William, here is the technology.
I've asked you to simply make it smaller.
Ok sir, that's what we're trying to do but…
honestly, it's impossible.
Tony Stark was able
to build this in a cave!
With a box of scraps!
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm not Tony Stark.
Tony?
Tony, are you there?
Hello?
Breathe.
Easy, easy.
You remember this one, right?
It's a shame the government
didn't approve it.
There's so many applications
for causing short-term paralysis.
Tony.
When I…
ordered the hit on you…
I worried that I was…
killing the golden goose.
But you see…
it was just…
fate that you survived that.
You had one last golden egg to give.
Do you really think that just
because you have an idea…
it belongs to you?
Your father…
he helped give us the atomic bomb.
Now, what kind of world would it be
today if he was as selfish as you?
Oh, it's beautiful.
Oh, Tony…
this is your Ninth Symphony.
What a masterpiece.
Look at that.
This is your legacy.
A new generation of weapons…
with this at its heart.
Weapons that will help steer
the world back on course…
put the balance of power in our hands.
The right hands.
I wish you could've seen…
my prototype.
It's not as...
Well, not as conservative as yours.
Too bad you had
to involve Pepper in this.
I would have preferred that she lived.